"GOT APPLES" VISION STATEMENT

The _Got an Apple_ will be a convenient tool used to show recipes to anyone 
who wants to cook but are not sure what to cook with the ingredients that they
have on hand. The system will accept any ingredients that a cook wants to use or 
ingredients that they have while the system shows recipes that can be made 
using those ingredients.

The system will ask the cooks to add any sort of ingredient present in their 
fridge or household. Once that is done the system will show a list of all the 
recipes that could be potentially made from them. There will also be an option 
where they can choose the type of cuisine that they want to cook: such as 
American, Italian, Indian, etc. It will also list important information that 
can be useful such as calories and serving size.

The system will also be suggesting a few top-rated recipes that contain one or 
two extra ingredients from the ingredients a cook has added, in case that they 
want to grab these ingredients to make the top-rated recipe. Cooks can also add 
and delete recipes that they have made if they want to but they need to put in 
their personal information. After doing so, they could save the recipes in 
their account if they want to, having easy access to these recipes in the 
future.

In addition, cooks could share their own made recipes. The system will have 
more options as it is continually improved, such as a record system which will 
keep track of what the cooks have in their fridge, and remove ingredients from 
the records after cooking the recipe that they want.

The system can be used by anyone who is at least 14 years old, an age where you 
would be comfortable to use kitchen utensils. These individuals can range from 
anyone who does not know how to cook, to cooks that have no idea what to eat 
for the day, to cooks who want to try out some professional dishes made by a 
professional chef but want to do so in the comfort of their own home, up to 
professional chefs that want to share their recipes for the world to love.

This system values convenience and simplicity that is valuable to everyone, 
since eating is a necessity for all of us. While there are numerous websites 
that cooks can use to find recipes, the simplicity with which this system helps
a cook to pick a recipe makes it different from any other searching website 
since it goes from them knowing available ingredients to finding recipes of 
their choice, rather than having to know the cuisine and/or the recipe name 
first. There is also less time spent to create the system since it is only 
focused on recipes. Over time, as more recipes are stored in the system, and 
more recipes are added by professional chefs, there will be a continuous growth
in recipe options that any cook has access to, thus being able to provide more 
diverse recipes to cook for all the cooks to love.

The project will be considered successful if the number of suggestions of 
recipes are increased over time (approximately 6 months) by 15-20%, and if 
the percentage of cooks who have created accounts over cooks who have not is 
increased by 50% in a span of 1 year.